
# term
    import "github.com/pkg/term"

Package term manages POSIX terminals. As POSIX terminals are connected to,
or emulate, a UART, this package also provides control over the various
UART and serial line parameters.







## type Status
``` go
type Status int
```
Status represents the current "MODEM" status bits, which consist of all of the RS-232 signal lines except RXD and TXD.











### func (\*Status) DTR
``` go
func (s *Status) DTR() bool
```
DTR returns the state of the DTR (data terminal ready) signal.



### func (\*Status) SetDTR
``` go
func (s *Status) SetDTR(v bool)
```
SetDTR sets the DTR (data terminal ready) signal.



## type Term
``` go
type Term struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
Term represents an asynchronous communications port.









### func Open
``` go
func Open(name string) (*Term, error)
```
Open opens an asynchronous communications port.




### func (\*Term) Close
``` go
func (t *Term) Close() error
```
Close closes the device and releases any associated resources.



### func (\*Term) Flush
``` go
func (t *Term) Flush() error
```
Flush flushes both data received but not read, and data written but not transmitted.



### func (\*Term) Read
``` go
func (t *Term) Read(b []byte) (int, error)
```
Read reads up to len(b) bytes from the terminal. It returns the number of
bytes read and an error, if any. EOF is signaled by a zero count with
err set to io.EOF.



### func (\*Term) SendBreak
``` go
func (t *Term) SendBreak() error
```
SendBreak sends a break signal.



### func (\*Term) SetSpeed
``` go
func (t *Term) SetSpeed(baud int) error
```
SetSpeed sets the receive and transmit baud rates.



### func (\*Term) SetStatus
``` go
func (t *Term) SetStatus(status Status) error
```
SetStatus sets the state of the "MODEM" bits.



### func (\*Term) Status
``` go
func (t *Term) Status() (Status, error)
```
Status returns the state of the "MODEM" bits.



### func (\*Term) Write
``` go
func (t *Term) Write(b []byte) (int, error)
```
Write writes len(b) bytes to the terminal. It returns the number of bytes
written and an error, if any. Write returns a non-nil error when n !=
len(b).









- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)